This Software License is an agreement that governs the use of this program (hereinafter the Software), the rights of which are held by Likeminded Technologies, Corp (hereinafter Streamloots).
The fact of "accepting and continuing" to use the Software will imply that you (hereinafter the User) have unreservedly read and accepted the terms of this LICENSE:

             1. LICENSE CONCESSION
License information can be found in https://github.com/streamloots/streamloots-obs-plugin/blob/develop/LICENSE

            3. PROPERTY RIGHTS
All intellectual property rights to the Software (including images, photographs, animation, video, audio, music, text and other elements that are part of the Software), the attached documentation and all copies of the Software belong to Streamloots. The Software is protected by international laws and treaties relating to the right of ownership.
The User acknowledges that all Content, expressly including but not limited to any and all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights related to the Content, is original, voluntary and automatically shall become the property of Streamloots and its designees. The User acknowledges and agrees that Streamloots shall be free to disclose and use Your Content as Streamloots sees fit without any obligation of any kind to the User. The User hereby assigns and agrees to assign Streamloots all right, title, and interest in and to, and hereby waives and agrees not to exercise any “moral rights” to, all Content provided to Streamloots. To the extent that Streamloots cannot claim exclusive ownership rights in all Content by operation of law or pursuant to the assignment noted above, and to the fullest extent permitted by law the User hereby expressly grants to Streamloots and its licensors, licensees and designees a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, paid- up, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferrable, sublicenseable right and license to exercise all rights of any kind or nature associated with such Content in all formats and medium, whether existing now or 
in the future, and You agree not to assert or enforce any moral or similar rights You may have which may now or may hereafter be recognized, and all ancillary and subsidiary rights, in any languages and media now known or not currently known. This paragraph will survive the termination of this Agreement.

            4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
    
    4.1. Generalities
Streamloots will not be responsible in the event of interruptions of the Service, delays, errors, malfunctions of the service and, in general, other inconveniences arising from causes beyond Streamloots&#39; control, and/or due to malicious action or culpability of the User and/or has its origin on causes of a fortuitous event or force majeure and all events occurring outside Streamloots&#39; control, such as: failure of third parties, operators or service companies, lack of access to telecommunications networks, others produced as a result of natural phenomenon, outages, etc. and hackers’ attacks or attacks from third parties specialized in the security or integrity of the computer system, provided that Streamloots has adopted reasonable security measures in accordance with the state of the art. In any case, whatever its cause, Streamloots will not assume any responsibility for direct or indirect damages, emergent damages and/or loss of profit.
4.2 Absence of responsibility regarding the content published by Users The User shall comply with the Terms and Conditions of the Platform, and shall meet all legal requirements when publishing Content using the Software ON THE BASIS OF THE ABOVE, IN NO EVENT STREAMLOOTS WILL BE CONSIDERED RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED WHEN USING THE SOFTWARE

            5. COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We inform you that in the Software there are mechanisms that guarantee the security, confidentiality and integrity of all information stored by the application. The privacy policy applies to the use of the Software that you and your designated users' make, furthermore these terms and conditions apply to the collection, use, processing, transmission and disclosure of personal information in connection with the Software : (i) the use of the Software that you make may include the processing of personal information of third parties to elaborate access profiles, in this case it is up to you to inform and have the explicit consent of each of them to process their registration.
In compliance with current legislation, Streamloots reserves the right to investigate alleged infringements of this agreement, as well as actions carried out by users of the Software that involve an unlawful act in accordance with the current legislation.

            6. MODIFICATIONS AND UPDATES
Streamloots reserves the right to alter and update this license, the terms of use as well as the Privacy Policy and the rest of legal documents published in the web. At any time, by posting a notice. In case we make substantial modifications, we might request your acceptance by means of a variety of media, for example via e-mail. The User has the obligation to review those modifications.
On the other hand, an update of the latest version of the Software may be required periodically in order to allow continued access and proper use of the service.

            7. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
Spanish legislation will be applicable in case of resolution of all disputes or issues related to this agreement or activities developed by the use of the Software. In such case, the parties expressly submit, being competent for the resolution of all disputes arising or related to its use the courts and tribunals of the city of Valencia (Spain).



